ou will be building an API that can be used in two different ways. As a simple placeholder API, the first allows you to place images into your frontend with the size set via URL parameters (and additional stylization if you choose) for rapid prototyping. The second use case is as a library to serve properly scaled versions of your images to the front end to reduce page load size. Rather than needing to resize and upload multiple copies of the same image to be used throughout your site, the API you create will handle resizing and serving stored images for you.

You will set up your Node.js project from scratch, installing all dependencies, and write install all necessary configurations to make your dependencies work together. Even though the project being built is quite simple, the way you set up this project will be scalable enough to move to an enterprise-level solution in the future. Imagine needing to process hundreds of images with multiple thumbnail sizes for an eCommerce solution. This project provides the building blocks for that level of functionality.

In addition to setting up and creating the functionality, you will be using industry best practices to ensure that your code is as scalable as the architecture you create. Using TypeScript, Unit testing, linting, and formatting, you will write code that is not only easy to read but is maintainable, less error-prone, and easier to debug. At the enterprise level, it becomes possible that hundreds of people may need to interact with your code, so being able to work within standards is imperative to your success.
